It's priceless.
Hum 13
Then what do you say about acceptance?
Priceless
I personally made this for Grandma Huang
For after-dinner entertainment
Well you go on
Father, you are busy with business
No time for yellow milk
Grandma Huang suffocated to death in the palace
This object can be entertained by four people together
It's just a few broken pieces of wood
What's so strange?
It's called mahjong.
Four people travel together
So much fun.
If the Lantern Festival is not as good as you say
I can do you a crime of unfilial piety
The son is willing to be punished
mushy
Give money give money
Don't cheat
Oops, it's over.
Fang'er, if you have no money, ask your mother to borrow it.
Mother doesn't charge you interest
Thank you mother, hahaha
Here it is.